Update readme (#1868)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

## What is AutoGen

> AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI. It enables the development of LLM applications using multiple agents that can converse with each other to solve tasks. AutoGen agents are customizable, conversable, and seamlessly allow human participation. They can operate in various modes that employ combinations of LLMs, human inputs, and tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoGen is a library for building AI agents and complex applications, especially using cooperation among multiple agents. Like other popular AI frameworks such as PyTorch, AutoGen aims to provide an easy-to-use but flexible platform for accelerating development of agentic applications and research. It offers features such as agents that can converse with other agents, LLM and tool use support, autonomous and human-in-the-loop workflows, and intuitively specifying complex multi-agent patterns. AutoGen is one of the most popular agentic libraries and is released under MIT license.
```

Reviewer: @qingyun-wu  I updated twitter bio as well.
<img width="507" alt="image" src="https://github.com/microsoft/autogen/assets/13227607/ebe56301-bd02-480a-8863-81bf82ead534">

> AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI, just like PyTorch for deep learning. It enables the development of LLM applications using multiple agents that can converse with each other to solve tasks. AutoGen agents are customizable, conversable, and seamlessly allow human participation. They can operate in various modes that employ combinations of LLMs, human inputs, and tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI, like PyTorch for deep learning. It enables the development of LLM applications using multiple agents that can converse with each other to solve tasks. AutoGen agents are customizable, conversable, and seamlessly allow human participation. They can operate in various modes that employ combinations of LLMs, human inputs, and tools.
```

Reviewer: I don't think this comparison as its worded makes sense.

> AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI, just like PyTorch for deep learning. It enables the development of LLM applications using multiple agents that can converse with each other to solve tasks. AutoGen agents are customizable, conversable, and seamlessly allow human participation. They can operate in various modes that employ combinations of LLMs, human inputs, and tools.

Reviewer 3: do we want to highlight AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI, just like PyTorch for deep learning? eg **AutoGen is a programming framework for agentic AI, just like PyTorch for deep learning.**

> AutoGen is a library for building AI agents and complex applications, especially using cooperation among multiple agents. Like other popular AI frameworks such as PyTorch, AutoGen aims to provide an easy-to-use but flexible platform for accelerating development of agentic applications and research. It offers features such as agents that can converse with other agents, LLM and tool use support, autonomous and human-in-the-loop workflows, and intuitively specifying complex multi-agent patterns. AutoGen is one of the most popular agentic libraries and is released under MIT license.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
AutoGen is an open-source programming framework for building AI agents and facilitating cooperation among multiple agents to solve tasks. AutoGen aims to provide an easy-to-use and flexible framework for accelerating development and research on agentic AI, like PyTorch for Deep Learning. It offers features such as agents that can converse with other agents, LLM and tool use support, autonomous and human-in-the-loop workflows, and multi-agent conversation patterns. AutoGen is released under the MIT license.
```
